Thanks for taking part in our study.

There are two parts to this study.
In Part I, a set of 15 objects will appear on-screen.

We will give you a goal shape (e.g. a small red cone).
Your challenge is to produce a shape like the goal.

You can do that by guiding the set of
shapes to see on screen to look like a goal shape.
The next set of shapes on screen will more closely 
resemble the ones you've shown a prefernce for.

Simply look at (without clicking on) [in control condition: click on (with the mouse)] shapes that will move you toward the goal shape.

[In control condition only:
If you wish to click on more than one shape,
right-click on each on you like and then 
click on one of them with the left mouse button
to advance to the next generation.]

Please continue this process until you feel that
at least one of the shapes matches the goal description
(e.g. that you have produced a small red cone).
When that happens, press "Q" on the keyboard to quit.

If you believe that you cannot reach the target shape
and wish to give up before the goal is completed,
you may also quit at any time by pressing the "Q" key.

[In experimental condition only:
If at any time the program pauses (the shapes stop spinning)
and you did not press the spacebar to pause,
it means that your eyes are not within
the capturing range of the eyetracker.

Please adjust your posture or position until the
program captures your eye movements and unpauses itself.]

At any point, if you find an interesting shape on the screen,
please save that object (you won't lose your progress).

To do this, pause the screen at the rotation
you desire by pressing the spacebar on the keyboard,
then take a screenshot by pressing the "S" key.

Unpause with the speacebar to continue designing. 

You will be given 3 separate goals.
After each, a questionnaire will pop up. After the third
questionnaire, we will describe Part II of the experiment.

Please take as long as you want for Part I.
(Though each section will time out after 10 minutes)

Ready to begin?
(If you forget any of the instructions, 
please pause with the spacebar before
looking in the title bar at the top of the screen)

Part II of the Experiment allows you to freely
design objects that you find interesting.

For the next 20 minutes,
simply look at (without clicking on) [in control condition: click on (with the mouse)] the shapes that you find most interesting, or that might lead to interesting shapes.

At any point, if you find an interesting shape on the screen,
please save that object (you won't lose your progress).

To do this, pause the screen at the rotation
you desire by pressing the spacebar on the keyboard,
then take a screenshot by pressing the "S" key.

Unpause with the speacebar to continue designing.

At any point in time you can restart
the process from scratch by pressing "Q".
    
You will have 20 minutes for this section.
The computer will automatically stop you when time is up.
    
Ready to begin?
(If you forget any of the instructions,
please pause with the spacebar before
looking in the title bar at the top of the screen)]

Please try and find: [insert shape type here]

Please rate your feelings towards the following statement.
I was successful in creating: [insert shape type here]
[options: strongly agree, agree, neutral, disagree, strongly disagree]
                           
Please try and find the most interesting shapes you can.

We'll restart in a moment, first please tell us why you ended the previous session:
[options: open entry]

You have completed parts I and II of the experiment.
Please answer a few questions about your experience today.

The system helped me design interesting shapes:
[options: strongly agree, agree, neutral, disagree, strongly disagree]

The system helped me reach my design goals:
[options: strongly agree, agree, neutral, disagree, strongly disagree]

The system suggested shapes I would not have thought of:
[options: strongly agree, agree, neutral, disagree, strongly disagree]

The system aided my creative design process:
[options: strongly agree, agree, neutral, disagree, strongly disagree]

I felt I had control of what shapes would appear next:
[options: strongly agree, agree, neutral, disagree, strongly disagree]

Overall, what did you think about this technology?
Also, did you like using it?
[options: open entry]

Before you leave, please answer some quick questions about yourself.

Please choose the option that best describes you:
[options: Male, Female, Other, I Choose Not To Respond]

Please choose the option that best describes you:
[options: Right Handed, Left Handed, Other, I Choose Not To Respond]

How old are you?
[options: open entry]

What is your area of study (and/or occupation)?
[options: open entry]

You're done!
Thanks for taking part in our study.
